Let `MappedHeatmapVis` and related utilities accept typed arrays (#950)
silx-kit/h5web: apps/storybook/src/Utilities.stories.mdx

#### getDomain

> Find the min and max values contained in a numeric array. The function supports plain arrays, typed arrays and ndarrays: `number[]`, `Uin16Array`, `NdArray<number[]>`, `NdArray<Float32Array>`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the min and max values contained in a numeric array. The function supports plain arrays, typed arrays and ndarrays: `number[]`, `TypedArray`, `NdArray<number[]>`, `NdArray<TypedArray>`
```

- If `scaleType` is `ScaleType.Log` and the domain crosses zero, clamp the min to the first strictly positive value or return `undefined` if the domain is not supported (i.e. `[-x, 0]`).
- If `scaleType` is `ScaleType.Sqrt` and the domain crosses zero, clamp the min to the first positive value (including 0).

> - If `errorArray` is provided, the returned domain accounts for errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `errorArray` is provided, the returned domain will be computed for `values + errors` and `values - errors`.
```

```ts
getDomain(
  valuesArray: AnyNumArray, // NdArray<TypedArray | number[]> | TypedArray | number[]
  scaleType: ScaleType = ScaleType.Linear,
  errorArray?: AnyNumArray

> ): Domain | undefined

Author: The documentation was a bit out of date.

#### getDomains

Find the domains of multiple numeric arrays. Useful when dealing with auxiliary curves.

```ts
getDomains(
  valuesArrays: AnyNumArray[],
  scaleType: ScaleType = ScaleType.Linear
): (Domain | undefined)[]

const linearDomains = getDomains([[-1, 5, 10], ndarray([0, 1, 2, 3], [2, 2])]); // [[-1, 10], [0, 3]]

> const logDomains = getDomains([[-1, 5, 10], [0, 1, 2, 3]], ScaleType.Log); // [[2, 10], [0, 3]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const logDomains = getDomains([[-1, 5, 10], [0, 1, 2, 3]], ScaleType.Log); // [[5, 10], [1, 3]]
```
